As always here we are once
again covering what we saw
in this particular part of the capstone.
Right, so lets talk about it.
We went over the approach that we took for
building our system, or
getting our system set up
basically deciding on what
we want our system to power,
in general the load I guess you could say.
We went over how we chose our components.
The purchasing process not so much but
I mean, I'm pretty sure most of you have
gone through buying electrical components.
Find the best spot, find the best price,
match your specification,
all part of the approach in
building your capstone project.
We talked about
the components that we use.
Now in general, these components
should be available to you.
I hope they're available to you, but if
not, just use the links that we'll provide
you, use the specifications that
we have or just use the ideas and
the concepts that we're providing
you to pick out your own components.
And if you have any questions, go to the
forums, go to the discussion boards and
talk with your fellow students.
Talk with us and hopefully we can help you
pick out the components that you want for
your system.
Before jumping on to part two of this
course, I'd suggest spending as much time
as possible figuring out what you
want your project to be in general.
A self-sustainable surveillance system but
maybe you want to focus more on video.
Maybe you want to focus more on VOIP.
Maybe you want to focus more on
just general sensing and acuation.
Send something and
trigger a motor to do something.
Use the bluetooth to network
capabilities of the DragonBoard 410C,
whatever you want to use.
Set that aside and focus on that and
then move on to part two.
We do look forward to seeing you there and
again don't forget to check the links,
the links after this.
And we will see you in the next part where
we get to kind of show you our device and
hopefully you like and get some good
ideas for something of your own.